https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-17505 -- Manage devices (#7490)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: edge_management/edge_mgmt_manage_enroll_devices.adoc

The device submits an enrollment request to the service that includes the following:

* a description of the device’s hardware and operating system
* an X.509 Certificate Signing Request (CSR) which includes its cryptographic identity to obtain its initial management certificate

At this point, the device is not considered trusted and remains quarantined in a device lobby until an authorized user approves or denies the request.

[#enroll-cli]
=== Enrolling using the CLI

Complete the following steps:

. List all devices that are currently waiting for approval by running the following command:

+
--
[source,console]
----
flightctl get enrollmentrequests
----

See the following example output:

[source,console]
----
NAME                                                  APPROVAL  APPROVER  APPROVED LABELS
54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg  Pending   <none>    <none>    
----
--

*Note:* The unique device name is generated by the agent and cannot be changed.
By default, the agent chooses a base32-encoded hash of the agent’s public key as device name.

> //Why are we saying by default? Can the method of generating a name be changed?

Reviewer: Indeed there isn't any other option than this default yet.

. Approve an enrollment request by specifying the name of the enrollment request. Optionally, you can add labels to the device by using the `--label` or `-l` flags. See the following example:

+
--
[source,console]
----
flightctl approve -l region=eu-west-1 -l site=factory-berlin enrollmentrequest/54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg
----

See the following example output:

[source,console]
----
NAME                                                  APPROVAL  APPROVER  APPROVED LABELS
54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg  Approved  demouser  region=eu-west-1,site=factory-berlin
----
--

> After receiving an approval, the device gets its initial management certificate and the agent/service registers it in the device inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the enrollment request has been approved by the user, the service issues the management certificate for the device and registers the device in the device inventory.
```

//What registers the device?
The device is now ready to be managed.

> == Organizing Devices

Reviewer: Here and below are leftovers from splitting docs.

----

You can view devices in your inventory with a specific label or set of labels by using the `-l key=value` option one or more times:

[source,console]
----
flightctl get devices -l site=factory-berlin -o wide
----

[source,console]
----
NAME                                                  ALIAS    OWNER   SYSTEM  UPDATED     APPLICATIONS  LAST SEEN      LABELS
54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg  <none>   <none>  Online  Up-to-date  <none>        3 seconds ago  region=eu-west-1,site=factory-berlin
----

You can update the labels of a given device by exporting the device’s current definition into a file, editing the specification to update the labels, and then applying the updated definition. To export the device’s current definition into a file called `my_device.yaml`, run the `flightctl get device` command with the device’s name and the `-o yaml` output flag:

[source,console]
----
flightctl get device/54shovu028bvj6stkovjcvovjgo0r48618khdd5huhdjfn6raskg -o yaml > my_device.yaml
----

Next, use your preferred editor to edit `my_device.yaml`, for example:

[source,yaml]
----

> apiVersion: v1alpha1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apiVersion: flightctl.io/v1alpha1
```

Can you please make this change (adding `flightctl.io/`) to all examples in this doc?
